docs: add SECURITY.md template (#356)
canonical/starbase: README.rst

      Don't worry about making the contents match, Starbase's is very specific.

>    #. ``SECURITY.md`` - Match up the content of your project's ``SECURITY.md`` file as
>       closely as you can to the structure of `the Starbase template <SECURITY.md>`_. Be sure to read
>       the comments in the template closely.

Reviewer: :house: :broom: 

```suggestion
   #. ``SECURITY.md`` - Match the content of your project's ``SECURITY.md`` file as
      closely as you can to the structure of the `Security policy template
      <SECURITY.md>`_. Be sure to follow the comments in the template closely.
```
